---
license: By accessing this content, you agree to the terms at https://qnfo.org/LICENSE
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
author: Rowan Brad Quni
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: QNFO, AI, quantum, informational universe, IUH, holographic principle
created: 2025-01-02T16:35:53Z
modified: 2025-03-08T09:38:57Z
---

Continuation of San Franpsycho (Final Act)

… where sometime in the future the protagonist Brad Galvin finds himself looking back at his dream of New Zealand realizing that he’s remained in San Francisco now happily with an other. He seems vexed, although again this has happened in the future that he thought he knew, the plan that has not (yet) come… and he asks himself and the universe how and why and when did this pivot happen, trying to understand his existence in the broader cosmos.

It is only while walking his newly adopted and other’s dog during which he looks Grizwald in the eye and realizes it is so. This is his reality now, so these existential questions matter not. This is reality. He sees it plainly in his everyday rhythm now.

*Cue music (Eric Prydz Call on Me)

He cries briefly in the back of a taxi recollecting this while taking things from his previous existence to storage. Then he laughs, realizing how ridiculous it will be the next time he goes back to his favorite barber shop in the Tenderloin and jokes with the all-knowing, all-seeing barber that he was supposed to be in Thailand by now and should have been in a lesbian relationship a long time ago.

As he moves a couple crates into storage, he tentatively pauses to feed the nearly empty fish tank that once held his pets and, hoping for signs of life, he finds none. He cries again, thinking he’d never baptized the fish in the Catholic tradition. And now he’s **trying** to feed dead fish in a dark storage unit full of plants.

*Cue music (Pink Try), end act and curtain
