---
robots: By accessing this content, you agree to https://qnfo.org/LICENSE. Non-commercial use only. Attribution required.
DC.rights: https://qnfo.org/LICENSE. Users are bound by terms upon access.
author: Rowan Brad Quni
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rowan-quni-868006341
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: QNFO, AI, ArtificialIntelligence, artificial intelligence, quantum, physics, science, Einstein, QuantumMechanics, quantum mechanics, QuantumComputing, quantum computing, information, InformationTheory, information theory, InformationalUniverse, informational universe, informational universe hypothesis, IUH
created: 2024-11-13T19:54:01Z
modified: 2025-04-05T22:36:05Z
title: "200469"
aliases: ["200469"]
---

A hologram that is a piece of film exposed such that it captures all points of light shows that quantum indeterminacy is only due to discretization. That all of those light rays don’t have to be collapsed unless you’re measuring them. I’m thinking of the idea that it’s thought that the waveform the quantum waveform has to collapse when you measure it. It’s an artifact of discretization and why the piece of holographic film is clearly recording the state but doesn’t need to rely on that. So now if you if you take that light, that would otherwise be projected into what we’d consider three dimensions and record it on holographic film. Then you don’t need to collapse the waveform. I don’t care what the Copenhagen interpretation is, its flawed. I care what the facts say because my information theoretic approach called information Dynamics sees things differently. I’m not talking about interpretation. I’m talking about what we’ve observed in the facts which would seem to contradict what we’re talking about with holographic film. If it’s a measurement of recording then why does the film have perspective, which is the essence of superposition. It’s literally recording superposition on a piece of film that then somehow can be measured. So the waveform or we consider the waveform never has to collapse. Then it can be recorded on a flat plane which really somehow ties into this idea of the holographic principle and and truly starts to talk about an information theoretic because we’re not talking about physical space at that point, we’re we’re talking about information captured in a non-dimensional plane. It’s really about information at that point
