---
robots: By accessing this content, you agree to https://qnfo.org/LICENSE. Non-commercial use only. Attribution required.
DC.rights: https://qnfo.org/LICENSE. Users are bound by terms upon access.
author: Rowan Brad Quni
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rowan-quni-868006341
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: QNFO, AI, ArtificialIntelligence, artificial intelligence, quantum, physics, science, Einstein, QuantumMechanics, quantum mechanics, QuantumComputing, quantum computing, information, InformationTheory, information theory, InformationalUniverse, informational universe, informational universe hypothesis, IUH
created: 2024-11-13T19:54:01Z
modified: 2025-03-26T05:12:21Z
---

So we have universal information and then we have constructs of information and these can be things like Faith or language, mathematics, the number system, anything that we use that that’s useful for us. Names names are a good example of constructed information. These are all things that we use to understand and organize our reality. Then on that basis we have the sort of observation layer or you might even call it empirical layer because these are where we use those constructs of the ineffable universal information to make sense of things and they rely on the construct. So that’s the difference between the constructed layer and the I think I’ll call it observed layer which also I think might tie into the imaginative layers. So the cognant they will call it the cognitive layer or I don’t really know how to how to define that very clearly because we’ve got things like observed data but that’s not complete. Somebody writing a fiction story is also a kind of information. If we’re trying to be exhaustive then and and establish some kind of dependency. We’ve got to make room for both cognitive fictions and observed reality somehow in this model of the types of information. So maybe maybe that’s a branch off of observed, right? I don’t really know it might actually just it might actually just go into the derivatives where that that that’s the reflection of Consciousness or Consciousness is the kind of information I don’t really know to be honest. I’m just trying to set up the stage for how to lay out the primitives and derivatives of information, but also describe the system and its limitations that we’re using to speak in language and to use numbers and math. This ties into something I was thinking about earlier which is the informational Universe I.E reality and then the imaginative Universe which are these cognitive fictions that I got the idea for when reading Noah yuval harari’s book sapiens which talks about how we as humans started differentiating ourselves from other from other living beings. With this idea of cognitive fictions we can think outside of reality
