---
title: "The Hurdles of Harnessing AI"
datePublished: Sun Nov 05 2023 21:16:52 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time)
cuid: clv8w2q4v000508l0c6avdz31
slug: the-hurdles-of-harnessing-ai-6e1447cee597

---

Embarking on a research paper expedition with ChatGPT seemed promising. The destination was clear — a [comprehensive literature review on the universe’s fundamental nature](https://chat.openai.com/share/e77a2487-681c-4c71-a841-496baaf998b4). However, the journey unveiled some unexpected stumbling blocks.

The initial phase involved gathering a wealth of information on quantum field theory, the nature of light, and vibrational foundations. While ChatGPT displayed a knack for fetching relevant data, the real challenge emerged when diving into the details.

The quest for precise references proved to be a time-consuming endeavor. Despite the advanced capabilities of ChatGPT, the process of gathering accurate citations and references took longer than anticipated. The time factor became a significant concern, underscoring the limitations in the AI’s ability to rapidly provide detailed references.

The endeavor shed light on the areas where ChatGPT could improve. The accuracy and speed of fetching precise references are crucial for anyone looking to delve deep into a subject matter within a stringent timeline. It’s a reminder that while AI has come a long way, there’s still room for enhancement, especially when it comes to catering to the demanding needs of scholarly research.

The experience was a blend of hope, anticipation, and slight frustration. However, it was also a learning curve, not just in the realm of the selected topic, but in understanding the capabilities and limitations of AI tools like ChatGPT.

The road to a comprehensive literature review continues, with the lessons learned from this endeavor serving as stepping stones. The journey with ChatGPT was a mixed bag of experiences, reiterating that while AI is a powerful tool, it’s not without its set of challenges.