---
license: By accessing this content, you agree to the terms at https://qnfo.org/LICENSE
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
author: Rowan Brad Quni
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: QNFO, AI, quantum, informational universe, IUH, holographic principle
created: 2025-02-14T04:36:22Z
modified: 2025-03-08T09:40:55Z
aliases: [The Limits of Information]
linter-yaml-title-alias: The Limits of Information
---

# The Limits of Information

While the informational universe suggests that information is fundamental and ever-present, it also raises questions about the limits of information storage and processing. One crucial concept in this regard is the **Bekenstein bound**. This bound establishes a maximum limit on the amount of information that can be contained within a given region of space, suggesting that the universe has a finite information capacity.

The Bekenstein bound has profound implications for our understanding of black holes and the nature of spacetime itself. It suggests that even black holes, with their immense gravitational pull, have a finite capacity to store information. This challenges our traditional notions of black holes as infinitely dense objects and provides further support for the idea that information is a fundamental aspect of reality.

**However, it’s important to note that the Bekenstein bound is not an informational bound in itself. It is a physical bound that assumes the physical universe is fundamental.** If we turn that assumption on its head and consider physics as an emergent property of information, then the Bekenstein bound is no longer a limitation.

In this view, information is the truly fundamental layer of reality, and the physical universe as we perceive it arises from the organization and processing of this information. Just as software can create virtual worlds with their own sets of rules and physics, so too could information give rise to the physical universe with its specific laws and constants.

If this is the case, then the limits of information storage and processing in our physical universe do not necessarily constrain the amount of information that can exist in the broader informational universe. New forms of information organization and processing, beyond those governed by the physics we currently understand, may be possible.

**This opens up exciting possibilities for exploring the nature of consciousness, the potential for creating artificial universes, and the ultimate limits of information itself.** While the Bekenstein bound may represent a limit within our current understanding of physics, it does not necessarily represent a fundamental limit on the capacity of information to shape reality.
