---
license: By accessing this content, you agree to the terms at https://qnfo.org/LICENSE
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
author: Rowan Brad Quni
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: QNFO, AI, quantum, informational universe, IUH, holographic principle
created: 2025-01-25T23:26:18Z
modified: 2025-03-08T09:39:12Z
---

And already an observation about these collective, besides at least generalizing from what I’m witnessing already in in Korea is that there’s so much emotion and texture and meaning conveyed merely by the tone of voice. Yes, we do this in English but know that it’s not ironic here. The woman who cheerfully says she is will be very glad if you have a happy day. She means it. Otherwise she wouldn’t say it so cheerfully but we get all mixed up where irony and memes. Quite frankly pervert logic in our brains. No wonder we yell stranger danger and drugs are bad, but we still do them on the side. We don’t trust our neighbors but yet want to piss them off and exert our will over theirs seemingly without any concern for the equilibrium the universe will impose merely by the tone of voice. Yes, we do this in English but know that it’s not ironic here. The woman who cheerfully says she is will be very glad

But just like the word. Sorry if overused it becomes meaningless and so unlike us wild-eyed Americans. If there is no reason to go out of one’s way to greet someone on the street, why waste the energy? We agree, supposedly a society that we will all be good to each other. There’s no need to make a show of it as though acting because in fact we are so much in the US. You are in the US. I’m going to have to start distancing myself from that. You are in the US
