Like, since when did our constitution? You know, we have these like parallel systems, we have the like, what what we say is the case which is that you know, we have the Constitution and like, you know we recognize states, but like everything rolls up to like constitution and yet we have these whack jobs like Clarence Thomas, to think we all say ye old. And we're still in the 17th century, with only white men, only voting and owning land like, which is total bonkers. But he's using that as a lie to advance a certain agenda in like in in conservative, so-called conservatives heads, and then we've got hmm, you know, staying on topic, but then we've oh, what I found out with the eviction. And the reason I would want to file an appeal just to like, keep raising this issue. This is the kind of issue that I could easily see going. The US Supreme Court easily for the for the really weird reason that the issue that it involves has nothing to do with San Francisco rent control law, it has nothing to do with like it has to do with the fact that we've got this shadow gut, we've essentially got a shadow government, where did. You what? Where, in some cases, the Judiciary is dictating public policy in a way that never was anticipated by checks and balances. Case in point San Francisco run control law duly like laws. I'd like the right to counsel, are not being you. You didn't have the right to counsel. I didn't have the right to counsel. And so oh so we get to all right, so we're just going to pass these symbolic laws that like nobody's going to do anything about it. So so that wipes out the, you know, like essentially that renders the Executive Branch, consider it a triport useless, they're not doing what they need to do to actually In like not enforce the laws, but like enact the laws. That's why it's called the Executive Branch. It's doing its own agenda. Meanwhile, you've got the Judiciary. The issue at the moment with my case is that it was decided entirely on like policies, not laws, policies that the Judiciary enacted I'm not joking. It really was decided on. Did you file the paperwork on time? There are like, really juicy questions of law that we're entirely including constitutional law. My right, my rights under like, you know, and same thing with my employment case, and yet, or oh my God, this is trifecta, my employment case. My housing case and my III have AI have a claim. I could I like well like put well? I could, I, could?I could raise a claim against the state of illinois for denying me my due process as a

