---
license: By accessing this content, you agree to the terms at https://qnfo.org/LICENSE
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
author: Rowan Brad Quni
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: AI, holographic principle, informational universe, IUH, QNFO, quantum
created: 2024-11-13T19:54:01Z
modified: 2025-03-08T09:41:08Z
---

Correlated information is a spin state. Two are effectively synonymous and so there’s where things like synchronicity come into play. The universe only has these correlated States. Yeah, think about it this way they’re correlates they’re correlated states. So now we get some really fascinating stuff because now information transmission usually depends on these corrrelates think about that. We don’t need physical infrastructure anymore. No just like my Sonos or my nest thermostat. You know really transcended this paradigm of like planned obsolescence by being robust enough to update software which tells you something about Apple ‘s marketing strategy. But anyway, now when we send spacecraft then let’s make sure that we can entangle quantum States so that we can communicate. That’s how we’re going to communicate. No more golden records. Just as our ancestors needed the forethought to know that the journey they would begin let’s say on a raft to make it to Australia or even across to America was an incremental one and so it it. If you know it was a generational thing that their information would propagate through generations and Matt that was the The true legacy and the real strength is having foresight Beyond one’s own physical presence. And it paid off handsomely according to harare’s book sapiens. That’s how Homo sapiens dominated the world. And we can do the same thing in space not by physically setting foot there. But by our information. And thankfully, since information doesn’t need a physical substrate then we can’t ruin the rest of the universe as though that were possible as we have heard and so Earth won’t Earth will come back but then then we’ve got to say are we in the era where we’re going to start transcending physical form so you know realistically where are we going to get physically within the span of a natural human lifetime even if we double or triple that right? I mean 300 light years away. Very hypothetical no, we have to transcend physical reality and think about our informational existence. That’s the thing that will carry us through to the next epoch of of what we call humans or or that that informational content DDC
