---
license: By accessing this content, you agree to the terms at https://qnfo.org/LICENSE
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
author: Rowan Brad Quni
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: AI, holographic principle, informational universe, IUH, QNFO, quantum
created: 2024-11-13T19:54:01Z
modified: 2025-03-08T09:41:08Z
---

Yuval Noah hararis hook “sapiens a brief history of humankind “ The amount of information that one must obtain and store in order to track the ever-changing relationships of even a few dozen individuals is staggering in a band of 50 individuals. There are 1,225 one-on-one relationships and countless more complex social combinations”

Oh, and this one’s good” thanks to the cognitive revolution, Homo sapiens acquired the ability to say the line is the guardian spirit of our tribe. This ability to speak about fictions is the most unique feature of sapien’s language. It’s relatively easy to agree that only Homo sapiens can speak about things that don’t really exist”

But it seems the one thing we may have lost sight of is” the alpha male [of animals] usually wins his position, not because he is physically stronger, but because he leads a large and stable coalition”

Also, the discussion of tribes that there’s some research suggesting that tribes of about 150 individuals maximum seem to retain cohesion that falls apart above that and also that we can only know about 150 individuals. He seems interesting thinking about say something like a an ad hoc borderless world where we form our own tribes and and come up with our own. You know rules and and things like that. There’s something there that I find fascinating around that 150 number. Reading further what what seems to happen is you can you can stay sort of ad hoc and not need a system but within that threshold and then above that then you start getting things like administrivia. So there is a suggestion that perhaps we have gotten to 150. You know 550 is is certainly good for to some extent defense as long as everybody realizes that there’s no benefit to getting much above that. Maybe commerce made it so that we have these populated places, but… having a common identity is is important as it knows you know, two Catholics can go in a crusade because they have a shared identity. So that’s that’s really something important a shared identity

Omg! There are so many good lines + in deeper concepts in this book. You know, next page “modern business people and lawyers are in fact powerful sorcerers. The principal difference between them and tribal shamans is that modern lawyers tell far stranger tales.” It then talks about Peugeot for some reason as an example of sort of a system that transcends the people and even the products that it creates, it becomes its own system corporations and and these entities become their own systems. In particular, it talks about this idea of legal fiction that the physical manifestation of something and its concept are different things which very much ties into the informational Universe as it relates to our physical world. One is definitely a subset of the other. But then this idea of a limited liability company, unlike a tradesperson, where the tradesperson’s the business that assumes the liability, then you you create this buffer that encourage entrepreneurship, but it also inevitably encourage this increasing distance between people. And you know I’d argue that had unintended consequences. Now I now we chat with chat bots instead of customer service people and and there’s there’s this. This increasing divide that I think will ultimately be detrimental it is detrimental. I think it will be somewhat catastrophic but way how do we deal with it? You know that each inflection point we get to choose. How do we engage with something? It’s definitely complexity but is it converging towards something is there The tractor State something to like we talked about before with with say Catholics going on a crusade type thing but what what? What does business focus on? Focuses on revenue and money and and nothing to do with people. Really people are human resources. They’re expendable.

Oh This one’s great” quote ever since the cognitive revolution sapiens have thus been living in a dual on one hand the objective reality of rivers, trees and lions and on the other hand the imagined reality of God’s nation’s incorporation. So so this idea of an informational Universe has been a long time coming. It’s really what made us human. I’d argue that what made us human was our imagination. Our information how you know fine call it the imaginative universe hypothesis then.
