You know, migrated out here, okay. Well, what about that like? Mixing bowl, melting pot continuum. So just thinking about like my own journey, I realize now with the remarkable clarity that so much of what I bumped up against has been a culture and somebody, even somebody even set a mediator even said this to me. That basically, I was like, you know, coming in here and trying to run roughshod over and what everyone loves about being in California, which is not, you know, so I don't want to I don't want it to sound like an ad hominium thing I'm trying to I'm trying to I'm trying to get at like. Okay, sake, take take Chinese population, for example, right? That, that, like. Reduce the here. What I'm getting at. I guess is not reducing things to labels. Or how do you? How do you like break up these broader? These broader statistics into ones that actually are are are perceivable and meaningful or meaning. Yeah, meaningful meaningful, because it's you know, would you agree with me? To simply apply the term baby Boomer globally to a certain, a certain range of years seems incomplete. And I know what you should, and I know you showed me the hmm, the the fourth turning thing and whatnot, but I guess what I'm thinking about in the moment is you've got these like, you've got the substrata now. That that maybe I don't think either I haven't had my ears open, or this isn't just, this is something that hasn't been considered in this way like that, that when we talk baby Boomer in the u. S we're assuming we're making a bunch of assumptions there, well, but there are agreed upon signposts, or at least edges, right, where sociologists and historians and And it's cultural theorists, whatever they've all kind of you know? Collectively, tired of agreed upon or if not landed around um.D the cohort of the population that was border between certain dates, because yeah the types of experiences that you have and the perceptions you have of the world are colored by the broader kind of things going on around you at the time that you are, you know, becoming a young adult, your opportunities for employment, the ability to get an education affordably or not the type of historical games. You know whether or not we're at war or those types of issues or how the economy is doing, and you can do it, you can kind of plot those things, and about how those historic or cultural, or you know? Social events have impacted you like, for example, as a millennial. You know, you guys were your generation? You fell right into the track. I'm not a millennial. Yeah, you aren't you 1981? Yeah, okay? Well, anyway, so here's the thing, though it's hard to, you can't deny that the cohort of individuals that let's say we're let's see turning 19 OR20IN2008, right? The millennials, they had a totally different. They had a totally different experience entering into the workforce, finishing up higher education. For example, in their degrees and then trying to get their first job and establish a career. Then you know, just our generation. Prior to that, who graduated and maybe started that journey 10 or 20 years prior right? Because the world was a different place at that time, and it is statistically, it can be shown that the college Cohort of those people you know, they were affected by the 2008 financial crisis. They were affected by, you know, the recession and the lack of available jobs at the time and then the COVID lockdown. You know what? I mean? And so those are all pretty simple, significant events that On a generational level on kind of macro level affected a lot of it had an overall immeasurable impact on economist, people's ability to just enter into the workforce to get a dog and so that is a whole different. That's a shared experience for the bed. Those in that same age group, right? And so you can say that that's a generational thing. Characteristic that you know, I'm sure, just like anything else. I mean, you're going to have people that sail through and Ben, get there degree in what we enter into the workforce, because maybe they just were at the right place, right time and/or chose the right moment level of study and you know there's there's definitely something to be said about, you know. Making your face. Your decisions and you're forging your own path, but as a kind of a whole, I do think that you can start to look at macro macro issues and and kind of as an explanation for the types of experiences, people have at different points in their lives, you know, I would argue, thank you just discussing this. Now The issue is a parametric versus non parametric one, which is to say that it becomes a tautology to say, oh well, by definition, anyone between these years is baby boomers, and therefore these characteristics to find the baby boomers, what I'm saying is, look at this from a non parametric like, what are the what? What are the the the groups? The clustering that occurs because the thing that strict chronology leaves out are all kinds of geography socio-economic? I have no idea of course, but like here's a good example, take. For example, the ability to retire higher right at 65. We have the very specific risk Age chronology, and a marker right?Where the government says at sixty five, you retire, you can start to take your story.Social security gave it to our team at sixty two right?Well, so how is, you know?Social security trust fund funded right now, well, there's