---
license: By accessing this content, you agree to the terms at https://qnfo.org/LICENSE
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
author: Rowan Brad Quni
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: QNFO, AI, quantum, informational universe, IUH, holographic principle
created: 2024-10-30T05:02:14Z
modified: 2025-03-08T09:39:27Z
---

Between a cohort of Gen. X, which follows the generations there in the in the kind of the hierarchy, right or the next one down, and yeah, we have a much smaller population of people that occupy those the age ranges, right? And so when we, by the time we get to social to a retirement age, social security Is going to be woefully underfunded, because the generation of people that fall within the birth dates of those eras are not going to be there. Are you there too? Continue to be funding the system. And so there are, I think, definitely characteristics that you can’t apply to cohorts of the population that Describe conditions and justify, or maybe explain certain realities that exist and willing to make projections right? Problem? And I think that’s what the useful thing about this is not necessarily to set in Stone, anything anything that’s like definitive, and you know, like I’m not going to say that because we’re Gen. x or whatever that We’re all definitely left to kids. That’s something to thrown around about our generation, right? But you know, but you can expect, you can understand why you know, because the divorce rate was SO high in our generation. When well, when we were growing up that the likelihood is, you probably do know, you know, I don’t I think I can probably remember on my hand how many of my friends It came from families that weren’t already divorced, and those are particular facets, so what I’m getting at is what’s the equivalent of microttargeting, because the one huge assumption we’re making in all of this is we’re looking at this from just our American perspective. We have no idea, is this even something? I’m sure that demographers have looked at, but yeah, let’s just listen to this year. There are a few listeningBetween a cohort of Gen. X, which follows the generations there in the in the kind of the hierarchy, right or the next one down, and yeah, we have a much smaller population of people that occupy those the age ranges, right? And so when we, by the time we get to social to a retirement age, social security Is going to be woefully underfunded, because the generation of people that fall within the birth dates of those eras are not going to be there. Are you there too? Continue to be funding the system. And so there are, I think, definitely characteristics that you can’t apply to cohorts of the population that Describe conditions and justify, or maybe explain certain realities that exist and willing to make projections right? Problem? And I think that’s what the useful thing about this is not necessarily to set in Stone, anything anything that’s like definitive, and you know, like I’m not going to say that because we’re Gen. x or whatever that We’re all definitely left to kids. That’s something to thrown around about our generation, right? But you know, but you can expect, you can understand why you know, because the divorce rate was SO high in our generation. When well, when we were growing up that the likelihood is, you probably do know, you know, I don’t I think I can probably remember on my hand how many of my friends It came from families that weren’t already divorced, and those are particular facets, so what I’m getting at is what’s the equivalent of microttargeting, because the one huge assumption we’re making in all of this is we’re looking at this from just our American perspective. We have no idea, is this even something? I’m sure that demographers have looked at, but yeah, let’s just listen to this year. Is there a film losing here?
