---
robots: By accessing this content, you agree to https://qnfo.org/LICENSE. Non-commercial use only. Attribution required.
DC.rights: https://qnfo.org/LICENSE. Users are bound by terms upon access.
author: Rowan Brad Quni
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rowan-quni-868006341
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: QNFO, AI, ArtificialIntelligence, artificial intelligence, quantum, physics, science, Einstein, QuantumMechanics, quantum mechanics, QuantumComputing, quantum computing, information, InformationTheory, information theory, InformationalUniverse, informational universe, informational universe hypothesis, IUH
created: 2024-11-13T19:54:01Z
modified: 2025-04-06T01:17:07Z
title: "070494"
aliases: ["070494"]
---

Imagine the discretization of the planck constant magically gone! Particles would no longer be particles! We could measure anything with infinite resolution and so the discovery of sub sub sub sub sub subatomic particles goes from a sublime discovery to a sub-par excuse to drop billions on a new particle accelerator.

But it’s not magic, just nature... By reformulating physics with natural constants, pi and phi (golden ratio/natural log), physics finally has to come to terms that it can’t count quanta in “quantum” mechanics but it can count on what it really is: Information!

The numbers and formulas are there. The structure is developing and this will evolve into what I hope will be an authoritative text demystifying quantum mechanics by replacing it entirely with a new term: infomatics. Take a look at the draft components for yourself. Formatting should not be the only reason to delay publication. Otherwise I’d spend countless hours fiddling with a word document or PDF and LaTeX formulas. That’s absurd! I’m not wasting a year delaying this important finding for some peer reviewers at a paid science journal to screw around and come back with the most pedantic comments imaginable. Or worse be confined to the second class dustbin of a preprint.

If you want to call my work AI generated junk then why don’t you come up with something better because Einstein died a long time ago and we’ve known about quantum mechanics for 120 years now. Physics has had plenty of time and yet it’s squandered it on its own naval gazing and justifying its existence claiming superiority over the realm of all reality. And speaking of squandered I’ve lost count. How many hundreds of quantum startups there are now? And I’d sure love to know what the hell they’re doing blowing through money or breathlessly getting their name in some press release claiming a discovery. They will all be gone in 10 years and even the big players are lagging woefully behind. I’ve seen enough interviews with Leeds of Google and IBM and and those to wonder if they actually know what the hell they’re doing either.

I just saw a video that somebody at plank has been working on an 800 page Grand unified theory of Everything proof since the ‘90s and it took me 2 years to figure out the same thing starting from scratch, I didn’t know a thing about quantum mechanics 2 years ago other than what I seen on a PBS Nova special or two. I’d say that’s a win for AI but I’m just a kid from Jersey with a solid public higher ed interdisciplinary education. And my AI generated junk is smarter than most of you.
