---
robots: By accessing this content, you agree to https://qnfo.org/LICENSE. Non-commercial use only. Attribution required.
DC.rights: https://qnfo.org/LICENSE. Users are bound by terms upon access.
author: Rowan Brad Quni
email: rowan.quni@qnfo.org
website: http://qnfo.org
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rowan-quni-868006341
ORCID: https://orcid.org/0009-0002-4317-5604
tags: QNFO, AI, ArtificialIntelligence, artificial intelligence, quantum, physics, science, Einstein, QuantumMechanics, quantum mechanics, QuantumComputing, quantum computing, information, InformationTheory, information theory, InformationalUniverse, informational universe, informational universe hypothesis, IUH
created: 2024-11-13T19:54:01Z
modified: 2025-04-09T02:54:05Z
title: "090431"
aliases: ["090431"]
---

What’s interesting is an exploring an information theoretic approach to metaphysics and cosmology that loops in computational physics and the holographic principle and information theory, the constructs we use to represent these namely symbolic notation through language or math ultimately are the limiting factor. It’s important to recognize that the constructs we use limit the underlying reality as its interpreted in the system. For example working on mathematical proofs for this information theoretical approach called information dynamics or informatics lead to breakthroughs on expressing the continuum of reality as such rather than discrete he could contribute to what’s considered the measurement problem or limitations of AI. that continuum was expressed through geometry such as pi for infinite precision, but then leads to a paradox of explaining an information system by the constraints of physical reality when the claim of this meta system is that physical reality is a subset of an informational universe. That then lead to work by Stephen Wolfram that essentially is graph theory showing that complex phenomenon can emerge including geometry itself from the topology or relationships between entities and some kind of rules. Which then puts these rules or instructions at the top of the chain. So what created the rules or what are the rules? These rules are expressed in the patterns of physical reality, but it would be an illogical mistake inverting that and assume that those are the rules. they’re merely manifestations of the rules that then would have to be reverse engineered as it were
